

 //// dyne.org productions presents:
                                      
 [ d y n e : II ]  -  the multimedia GNU/Linux OS version 2.0

 This is a free and open source operating system based on GNU/Linux,
 optimized for multimedia and to perform well also on old computers.
 You can use it, copy it, redistribute it and modify it.
   
 JAH Rastafari Livity bless the freedom of creation.

 This is Rasta software for the digital Resistance and Redemption.


Resistance  ina  babylon world which tries to control more and more the
way  we  communicate  and  we  share  informations  and knowledge. This
software  is  for  all  those  who  cannot  afford  to  have the latest
expensive  hardware  to speak out their words of consciousness and good
will. This software has a full range of applications for the production
and not only the fruition of information, it's a full multimedia studio
and  has  nothing to envy to other proprietary systems, because freedom
and  share  of  knowledge are solid principles for evolution and that's
where this software comes from. 

Redemption from existing operating systems which require new expensive
hardware for doing the same as always: give us free players but make us
pay for producing our own voices.

Inna Babylon, money is the main requirement to make a voice possible to
be heard by others. Capitalist and fundamentalist governments all around
the world rule with huge TV monopolies spreading their propaganda,
silencing all criticism.

Dyne:bolic is a tool to produce and publish yourself, freely.
There is nothing to consume here, there is all you need to create.

Neverthless,  proprietary software spreads the dependence from business
companies  thru the populace: whenever we share our knowledge on how to
use  a  certain  software,  we make the people in need to buy the tools
from corporations in order  to  express their creativity. This is great
responsability  for  anyone  of  us  who  teaches  somebody  how  to do
something  with  software:  the  need  to buy will be slavery under the
merchantile interests of capitalism.

The  roots of Rasta culture can be found in Resistance to slavery. This
software  is  not a business. This software is free as of speech and is
one  step  in the struggle for Redemption and Freedom. This software is
dedicated  to  the  memory  of  Patrice Lumumba, Marcus Garvey, Marthin
Luther  King, Steve Biko, Walter Rodney, Malcom X, with great respect to
Mumia Abu Jamal and all those who still resist to slavery, racism and
oppression, who still fight  imperialism and seek an alternative to the
egemony of capitalism in our World. 







   [dyne:bolic] is Copyright (c) 2001-2006 by Denis "Jaromil" Roio

   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
   your option) any later version.

   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
   WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
   General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this program; if not, write to:
   Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


   
   Several redistributed binaries are copyrighted by the respective authors.
   
   dyne.org is available to distribute the source of the included binaries
   upon request, all the included software can be redistributed under the
   terms of the GNU GPL license and, in some cases, the X/BSD license.  

   For more informations please refer to the web pages on http://dynebolic.org

